code/README.md, before:

# Contents

This repository contains the following small pygame examples:
- [Particle system](code/particle_system): contains a simple, but effective, particle system implementation.
- [Evolution simulation](code/evolution_simulation): contains a simple simulation of evolving animals hunting for food.
- [Cloth simulation](code/cloth_simulation): contains a cloth simulation with custom physics.
- [Game console](code/game_console): contains a minimal implementation of an in-game console.
- [Animation testing tool](code/animator): can be used to test out animations. Contains a fully featured in-game console with a decoupled and flexible design.
- [Networked game](code/networked_game): contains a minimal implementation of a networked game, featuring one external server and two separate clients, communicating with each other through the server.
- [Dynamic lighting](code/simple_lighting): contains a small draft implementation for dynamic in-game lighting.
- [Hexagonal grid](code/hexagonal_tiles): contains an implementation of a hexagonal grid, including collision handling.
- [Tidy event queue](code/tidy_event_queue): contains an exercise in decoupling complex pygame event handling constructs into separate parts.
- [Async events](code/async_events): contains an example implementation for an asynchronous event handler (useful for writing linear-looking code for events with execution spread out over multiple game cycles).
- [Squish and stretch](code/squish_and_stretch): contains an example implementation of squishing and stretching an image.
- [Timed events](code/timed_events): contains an implementation of callbacks executed after a specified delay. Not pygame-specific.
- [Random starry sky](code/random_screen_animation): generates a random starry sky.

Commit message:

Add simulation of conway's game of life

code/README.md, after:

# Contents

This repository contains the following small pygame examples:
- [Particle system](code/particle_system): contains a simple, but effective, particle system implementation.
- [Evolution simulation](code/evolution_simulation): contains a simple simulation of evolving animals hunting for food.
- [Cloth simulation](code/cloth_simulation): contains a cloth simulation with custom physics.
- [Conway's game of life](code/conway_sim): contains a simulation of Conway's game of life.
- [Game console](code/game_console): contains a minimal implementation of an in-game console.
- [Animation testing tool](code/animator): can be used to test out animations. Contains a fully featured in-game console with a decoupled and flexible design.
- [Networked game](code/networked_game): contains a minimal implementation of a networked game, featuring one external server and two separate clients, communicating with each other through the server.
- [Dynamic lighting](code/simple_lighting): contains a small draft implementation for dynamic in-game lighting.
- [Hexagonal grid](code/hexagonal_tiles): contains an implementation of a hexagonal grid, including collision handling.
- [Tidy event queue](code/tidy_event_queue): contains an exercise in decoupling complex pygame event handling constructs into separate parts.
- [Async events](code/async_events): contains an example implementation for an asynchronous event handler (useful for writing linear-looking code for events with execution spread out over multiple game cycles).
- [Squish and stretch](code/squish_and_stretch): contains an example implementation of squishing and stretching an image.
- [Timed events](code/timed_events): contains an implementation of callbacks executed after a specified delay. Not pygame-specific.
- [Random starry sky](code/random_screen_animation): generates a random starry sky.
